m
lille
well it's everybody knows where and I hope you're doing well that you
have a very good holiday and that was however it's not great
today we are for a completely crazy video I present you
the defense plans in him titan elected waited the victims time it promises the
heavy since Norway from the slab the day
everything living in a cave that has not energized and green
novelty not miss
is what it is and what would greatly astonish me five decades of the afp
% and so the titans appeared for 100 th to has sometimes been available to
from 1 4130 done
so it's there we'll witness taming and defending patients on
activities this max
so out of the titan
to more than 4100 trophy sequence few sick so it's not his side
start with for his city
so with the first gameplay
who so I am a guy a danielle girl from the three point marketing plan
0 sure the defender so to unbalance who ensures the victory
of a team it will be necessary that one does not care all that
so the men were precarious 09 at a base completely max linder of
disk in front of max with blue walls ignorance
% and dany attacked him but still a lot for haiti so with him
shutters but picardes
wizards
% remains a very very big make up full max
it does not stop unfortunately this is what is coutras
so we're going to say that fast but it's not just because he spent
the seven states clark
he made sense below I think a little too late
Well, yes, it's a little too late
and then that just a few too concentrated in the middle and in any case are
shown far too late
percent and one hundred pages are these sums are recovered ceasing to rage when
my sense
were also asked a little too late
which earned him the defeat unfortunately for him
so here he has lost
% and he was not his trouble and that's okay we stay out he can be
saved
it will be a big cheer to its players even if 100
products that tries a little trick 3
these few captures of four very beautiful attacks and there unfortunately
he did
and a big bravo abou el khair 0 9% this magnificent defense we pass more
for the second attack so the defender is still beautiful character
and still in the clip in the apple clan he initiates elite
this time it's a spotify clan no more huh
now in the autumn
so there he was attacking% in progress and for once again we could believe that he
has fellow award winners that he has witches says witches
he believes that potting soil that are level 40 meters thick of rabies
well below two jumps
of sade taken at his request
two poisons
level 3 you can start to rap the field continue
The coworker positions are no longer 6%
his little goal in battery by opting these tunnels forgiveness
they then multiplied the passages of the evening
Between Thursday the double trace his way to enter the center of the village
douglas
he sends to all these wizards
there are only two he sends his offices all and on this therapy the
eve he posed nude holding a sleeve sort of soup
French power much more easily in the center of the base
and he adds all this of course for lacoste what all that
happens faster
so it's a very nice tactic
knight rises two there to defense there the tonnages detour of one of the only
fine both now
for mowing do not speak
both the turn of the British lock up the aid agent
and is it at the moment of the alert for the moment the league can-am stars
if the 40% of which + 52% left it a magnificent goal of the stars on a base
concretely max
so it's a very, very beautiful attack
with a loot of 300 miles each
a plus 4000 been really defused to football
nantes increases in big big congratulations to this player word to say in delirium
total
So here is
a very nice attack with which she will soon come to an end
with unfortunately it will not be 100% but you know very well that
it's very very very hard to do
5% on bases all the match she is even more solicitous what the
people are completely same thing for the full redemption I do not know if the
recruiter is still running
in any case I think these players
they are in the red betting I could do for his expenses
so here it is soon the end of to take shape
but these small attacks of these small defense so and that ends with a
beautiful and sincere and every district of Sannois trustee and when in
more followed
I find that there is a strong demand for gasoline
we think they could attack this time it should 15 years is still in
the clan of a civility
one against one these guys do not know if it's a Chinese
why I do not know
in any case damaged once again if cosip tax
a clan at the second time of the match so that's really really
prove since at afp
he lived villages max in these two islands that pitched
so it's really shameful
he poses first jump spell
in terms of looking after a little misplaced in montrouge
I am tired of operations on the sides and a presence of solabios
happened said what's my opinion about other people
surveys and at 40 with holes to complete my maximum
he has almost finished the game
a boar that I think to ride
at ankara
the euro is just starting
in league
for him people just not good for these little beautiful so there he has
asked a little without damage for me I want any ségolène unfortunately
do a little trick
to be bored the presence of two jumps with so his right that was
returned with some feelings of the return they learn
happily a colleague
so the maybach 8% type the gv he still has to bekin who is with him
in the center of the theater village
this little tower in the tour of hell
and here we are it's going to be a magnificent two stars you doubt
of course that remains enough troops for the fact to make 2% but
here is the 50% and the Elysee and again it is an excellent attack
since according to vast
it is with this year
with 1,300 miles each
and like a lot of trophies I hope that these new schedules
more did not arise a little gestapo reaches the 400 the accepted
always great fun
do not forget to subscribe to comment I hope that this offer
is offered on vacation so it is taken for the most projects in the world
and the next